Release 0 10 0 (#340)
kestra-io/kestra.io: content/docs/09.administrator-guide/01.configuration/05.others.md

## Servers configuration

### HTTP Basic Authentication

You can protect your Kestra installation with HTTP Basic Authentication.

```yaml
kestra:
  server:
    basic-auth:
      enabled: true
      username: admin
      password: kestra
```

> HTTP Basic Authentication is disabled by default. If you are using Kestra Enterprise Edition, more authentication mechanisms are available; see [here](03.enterprise-edition/authentifications/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP Basic Authentication is disabled by default - you can enable it in your Kestra configuration as shown above. If you need more fine-grained control over user and access management, the Enterprise Edition provides additional authentication mechanisms including features such as SSO and RBAC. For more details, see the [Authentication page](03.enterprise-edition/authentifications/index.md).
```
